age
The science is fascinating and like many others I know this from Dance Therapy. Interestingly though, in my opinion, it was her personal story with it's emotional outpouring of the vulnerable person that got her the standing ovation, not the statistics and facts. Authenticity will do it every time. It's how you make them feel, more than how you make them think. So don't fake it till you become it, instead allow your true self to shine out, naked, honest and full of integrity. The world would be a better place if we stopped playing power games and found the power within, to be ourselves and celebrate the rich tapestry of diversity. 



ai
Thank you, Amy, your work is still circulating and changing lives. I work in remote medical transcription and editing from my home office in which interviewing is done solely by telephone. The interviewer and I never see each other, even on a webcam. I can see where the power poses would still be helpful, but are there ways to let that confidence come across in just your voice without the added benefit of the visual of body language? Do you think the power poses will alter how confidently we speak as well without body language? 




The premise of body posture influencing the mind is varied and interesting.

The premise that aggressive is preferable to passive and that verbal participation is a prerequisite for success is troubling; especially in the field of education.

I ended the policy of a "participation grade" after my first year as a classroom teacher when it occurred to me that I was rewarding the aggressive (often obnoxious) at the peril of the passive (often reflective). For the remaining 32 years of my career, I have accepted the premise that one does not need to speak to participate. Listening, reflecting, thinking and processing, sometimes in written form, all comprise participation.

Those quiet girls, arms folded, sitting in the corners of the classroom, were engaged and participating as evidenced by their thoughtful journal entries. They knew what they knew and felt little need to debate their shallow-thinking yet more vocal male counterparts. Confidence was not their problem, it was the problem of their "faking it" testosterone filled classmates.








The speech had a clear purpose. Amy presented her speech in a chronological order with an opening, body and conclusion. I like that she gave her background and profession which help substantiate her authority on this subject matter. I love that she showed her humanness by choking up and for me it proved her utter belief in her research and project. The conclusion is powerful.

She had a good use of vocabulary and created mental pictures with phrases such as inference judgments, patient-physician interactions, facial expressions predict outcomes, power dynamics, expanding making yourself big and opening up, fake it till you make it; role changes can shape the mind, and high powered poses. It resonated with me when she said, "I am an impostor. Oh my gosh, I don't feel like that way anymore." I thought she had nice stage presence, when she relaxed her body; she opened up and spoke from the heart. She has vast knowledge of her subject matter. She had good use of visual aids which helped bring the discussion to the audience’s level. She also interjected humor with the power point. It is important to always know your audience. She interjected questions into her presentation which kept the audience engaged. For example she asked, “Where do you want to use this?” She answered, “In social threat situations, with friends, teenagers at lunch, school board meeting, giving a sales pitch, or during a job interview.” I am going to watch this over and over until I become it.




I feel like this TED talk really got to me, I graduated high school without making an oral presentation ever because I got so anxious about it; i physically couldn't do it, I've always walked with my head down, I used to not look at people in the eyes when they talked to me and, when she started talking, not even 2 minutes in, and told everyone to change their posture I sat straight, which I dont normally do, and it actually makes you feel better, and different and Im not exactly sure why it happens but it's amazing, and it felt amazing, and I'm in Cambridge now thinking I'm here because life got me here, but I'm here because I made it here and, just, this TED talk is so important.

After typing this I was about to post it and read it and I realised how i changed all the 'I do's' to 'I used to' and all the 'am' to 'was'.

